ID: my_dist
reserved keyword: cdouble
punctuation: :
special symbol: (
reserved keyword: cdouble
ID: x1
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: return
reserved keyword: pow
special symbol: (
reserved keyword: pow
special symbol: (
ID: a
punctuation: ,
int: 2
special symbol: )
operator: +
reserved keyword: pow
special symbol: (
ID: b
punctuation: ,
reserved keyword: pow
special symbol: (
int: 4
punctuation: ,
double: 0.5
special symbol: )
special symbol: )
punctuation: ,
double: 0.5
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
ID: my_incentre
reserved keyword: cdouble
special symbol: [
special symbol: ]
punctuation: :
special symbol: (
reserved keyword: cdouble
ID: A
special symbol: [
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
reserved keyword: cdouble
ID: B
special symbol: [
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
reserved keyword: cdouble
ID: C
special symbol: [
special symbol: ]
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: cdouble
ID: center
special symbol: [
int: 2
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: double
ID: c
operator: =
ID: my_dist
special symbol: (
ID: A
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: A
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: B
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: B
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: double
ID: a
operator: =
ID: my_dist
special symbol: (
ID: C
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: C
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: B
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: B
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: double
ID: b
operator: =
ID: my_dist
special symbol: (
ID: A
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: A
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: C
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ,
ID: C
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
ID: center
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
operator: =
special symbol: (
ID: a
operator: *
ID: A
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
operator: +
ID: b
operator: *
ID: B
special symbol: [
int: 0
special symbol: ]
operator: +
ID: c
operator: *
ID: C
special symbol: [
int: 00
special symbol: ]
special symbol: )
operator: /
special symbol: (
ID: a
operator: +
ID: b
operator: +
ID: c
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
ID: center
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
operator: =
special symbol: (
ID: a
operator: *
ID: A
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
operator: +
ID: b
operator: *
ID: B
special symbol: [
int: 1
special symbol: ]
operator: +
ID: c
operator: *
ID: C
special symbol: [
int: 01
special symbol: ]
special symbol: )
operator: /
special symbol: (
ID: a
operator: +
ID: b
operator: +
ID: c
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: return
ID: center
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
ID: main
reserved keyword: int
punctuation: :
special symbol: (
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: cint
ID: A
special symbol: [
int: 2
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: cint
ID: B
special symbol: (
int: 2
punctuation: ,
int: 3
special symbol: )
special symbol: [
int: 2
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: cdouble
ID: C
special symbol: [
int: 2
special symbol: ]
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: choice
special symbol: (
ID: my_incentre
special symbol: (
ID: A
punctuation: ,
ID: B
punctuation: ,
ID: C
special symbol: )
operator: eq
ID: get_incentre
special symbol: (
ID: A
punctuation: ,
ID: B
punctuation: ,
ID: C
special symbol: )
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: print
special symbol: (
string: "Yay! it worked"
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
reserved keyword: default
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: print
special symbol: (
string: "Something wrong!!!!"
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
special symbol: }
